Ouch, how can this be good?
It's not because of that night wind
If not for him
How could our Shangguan family have fallen to such a state?
It's all that wild bee and Shangguan Linglong's fault
Turn your elbows out
They just left.
It pitted our Shangguan family badly
How can this be good?
Hurry up and think of a way for me
Hey but
Your Highness, the most important thing is
Stop the marriage between that stinky girl and the wild bee first
Wait until they are separated
Then let Linglong go to Guo An's house to apologize
There may be room for recovery, mom
They are the marriage contract that Dad made before he died
shut up
That year is that year
Now is now hum
Back then, our Shangguan family had a great career
You don't have to look at other people's faces.
It's not because of you losers yet
Useless
One moment at a time
We lost the official family
How long can the Shangguan family last?
Everything must be based on the family's overall interests
Dick, listen to me
I don't care what you two do
Hurry up and solve this matter for me
I don't want to see Ye Feng jumping in front of me again
If you two can't solve it, get out of the Shangguan room
Linglong
What are you thinking?
I still don't know how to save you, Ye Feng
Or humble sir
There is nothing between you and me, my lord
Only Ye Feng
Ye Feng
I still think none of this is real
Is your identity real?
What's real?